Add chain signatures article ("what it is") (#1704)
near/docs: docs/1.concepts/abstraction/relayers.md

---

## How it works

Relayers are a natural consequence of [NEP-366: Meta Transactions](https://github.com/near/NEPs/blob/master/neps/nep-0366.md), a special type of transaction which can be best understood as an intent.

The user expresses: "I want to do a specific action on chain" and signs this intent **off-chain**, but does not sends it to the network. Instead, they send the intent to a `Relayer`, which wraps the message into an actual transaction, attaches the necessary funds, and sends it to the network.

<details>
<summary> Technical Details </summary>

Technically, the end user (client) creates a `SignedDelegateAction` that contains the data necessary to construct a `Transaction`, signs the `SignedDelegateAction` using their key, and send it to  the relayer service.

When the request is received, the relayer uses its own key to sign a `Transaction` using the fields in the `SignedDelegateAction` as input to create a `SignedTransaction`.

> The `SignedTransaction` is then sent to the network via RPC call and the result is sent back to the client. The `Transaction` executes in such a way that the GAS fees are payed by the relayer, but all actions execute as if the user had sent the transaction.

Author: ```suggestion
The `SignedTransaction` is then sent to the network via RPC call, and the result is sent back to the client. The `Transaction` is executed in such a way that the relayer pays the GAS fees, but all actions are executed as if the user had sent the transaction.
```
